Team Name: Tech Titans
Milestone: Milestone 2 

Team Members and Contributions:

1. Chut Giet (rjb863)
Contribution: 25%
AI Usage: 
  Experiment 3 (Semgrep): 
        I used AI to better understand the 4 metrics that generated the findings 
        and also better understand the guava project structure and codebase. 

2. Chibuikem Emeka-Nwuba (esq498)
Contribution: 25%
AI Usage: I used the AI in the assignment to first get a better understanding of the tools and the materials. I also used AI to create and draft commands for the confirmation of checkstyles outputs.

3. Samuel Olukuwu (nds091)
Contribution: 25%
AI Usage: 
  Experimentation 4 (CK):
        Used GPT to assist in installation of CK and explanation of
        certain metrics. Also to provide the top 20 classes and their wmc metrics.

4. Haidari Alhaidari (vri968)
Contribution: 
  25%
AI Usage: 
  Experiment 1 (Introduction):
        Mainly borrowed from course documentation and README.md files
        of tools and repositories. 
  Experiment 3 (Semgrep) with Chut:
        Executed all commands manually, piplined into log files,
        verified my findings with Chut's.
        Findings were reported and analysed by Chut.
  Experimental Setup:
        Generated skeleton using Codex, explaining my goals to have
        git submodule reference within my repository. Debugged base image
        issues I was having (ARM Architecture issues) using forums.
  Report:
        Compiled team members sections to form a uniform clear format.
        Team meetings were recorded, then transcriped.
        ChatGPT, given team meeting transcripts and findings, was used
        to generate sections: Analysis and Discussion, Lessons Learned,
        Conclusion. Verified alignmend of contents of each section.


5. Ademola Obaleye (zyq049)
Contribution: 25%
AI Usage: I used chatGPT to better understand the assignment description and the use of checkstyle as a static analysis tool. 
I used it to help debug docker and checkstyle related errors during setup and execution. 
I used chatGPT to help generate grep commands for extracting useful information from checkstyle's XML output.
All experiments and analysis results were produced by running the actual tools myself.
